README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Threat Modeling</h1>


## Philosophy
One of the biggest hindrances to widespread adoption of threat modeling is the inability of existing methodologies and tools to scale with rapid code and system changes as part of modern Agile and DevOps culture shifts at enterprises. While applications and systems are inherently built using vetted components based on performance, security and most importantly for business generating functions, threat models for these same applications and systems need to be built from scratch leading to inefficient use of resources.

Most of the applications in an organization have overlapping features and functionality. To be able to build threat model snippets for these common features and save as templates is extremely helpful in scaling threat modeling initiatives organization-wide. New threat models using these features can draw from a library of templates which saves substantial time, money and resources.

Threat model templates enable architects, developers and security analysts take these commonly used threat models and save them as templates. They can then be reused, in some cases with minor adaptations, as a foundation for creating new threat models. Leveraging pre-defined templates introduces efficiencies into the threat modeling process and reduces the time and effort required to build threat models. The templates can be used to enforce pre-defined architecture and specifications for hardened components.

Ability to create threat model templates for part of an application or the entire application.
Builds a collection of templates that can be reused in building new threat models.
Improves process efficiency and allows to scale across thousands of threat models.

Commit message:

mobile fails alpha and outcomes

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Threat Modeling</h1>

##Outcomes
o Design implications of a threat model
o Coding constraints based on a threat model

## Philosophy
One of the biggest hindrances to widespread adoption of threat modeling is the inability of existing methodologies and tools to scale with rapid code and system changes as part of modern Agile and DevOps culture shifts at enterprises. While applications and systems are inherently built using vetted components based on performance, security and most importantly for business generating functions, threat models for these same applications and systems need to be built from scratch leading to inefficient use of resources.

Most of the applications in an organization have overlapping features and functionality. To be able to build threat model snippets for these common features and save as templates is extremely helpful in scaling threat modeling initiatives organization-wide. New threat models using these features can draw from a library of templates which saves substantial time, money and resources.

Threat model templates enable architects, developers and security analysts take these commonly used threat models and save them as templates. They can then be reused, in some cases with minor adaptations, as a foundation for creating new threat models. Leveraging pre-defined templates introduces efficiencies into the threat modeling process and reduces the time and effort required to build threat models. The templates can be used to enforce pre-defined architecture and specifications for hardened components.

Ability to create threat model templates for part of an application or the entire application.
Builds a collection of templates that can be reused in building new threat models.
Improves process efficiency and allows to scale across thousands of threat models.
